mr. and mrs. be nice to each other
mr. and mrs.
okay we're here with Alison and Peter
for an episode of mr. and mrs. here we
go we've got three questions the aim of
the game is to get the answers of the
same I'd say the answers are same so who
spends the most time on Facebook that
would be Alison well Dona mati was gonna
vote on something right well hey since
we've only just gone on face down here
okay question 2 question 2 who is the
messiest that would be Peter and he
didn't even flinch himself
okay all right zero
let's see if you can make it three out
of three who would last longest on a
desert island three two one oh we have a
difference of opinion that these are
things you and Alison think she would so
who's gonna eat through that stress not
bad you got two hours it's ray well does
mr. and mrs.
think of the future